/*
 Copyright (c) 2026 Ashraf Morningstar
 These are personal recreations of existing projects, developed by Ashraf Morningstar
 for learning and skill development.
 Original project concepts remain the intellectual property of their respective creators.
 Repository: https://github.com/AshrafMorningstar
*/

 Today I create a Github account so lets see how far I can go and check this website will shutdown
 
 Today I created this repositories this was very hard website to learn and create 

2009 28 march

I start learning jave but blog is not  jack is not good 

jack tell me about youtube and subroacks and blog of Lucas Nelly 

2009 june

Google I/O on youtube but wifi is slow

2009 October 
computer carsh windows 7 

2009 December

jack tell me never create Public repositories hacker hack repositories change code and hack computer
but i try create a  repositories (joke)

2010 Just Just started but nothing would happen to me now I go to --- school 
2010 march my brithday 

Now I started learning and writing English very flawedly


2010 june
new school and make a new firend call irfan new live near  my house


2010 auguset 
I started talking about persons make a new frindes JattaShankar Tausif soyam Sarfraz
 
2010 
Now I see a website call liveleaka

2010 November
peeple talk about somethings call darkweb in 4chan is Real or Not I Dont kown 
and tor browser

tor browser is not work fake 

2010 December
jake also created youtube channel I think so I should drop through Java learning because it was very hard to understand me and also 
Ammi Abba was very angry on me about computer

2011january

nothing happen

2011 march
brithday

2011 may 
Holiday

2011 july
new computer

2011 October
play new game call gta vice city best evey 

This helicopter mission was not complt

2011 December
gta Complete happy

2012 
happy new year

2012 january
people started Talking about something dart google  like that on youtube i I didn't find anything over Yahoo
they waste so much time

2012 march 
No keep on my brithday

2012 may
I started learning new computer language called python
A 4chan tell me to watch a video of a person name Gary called He was saying that he was very good at python 
I started watching her Facebook videos

this person was genius He was doing coding what is coding I dont understand this was good thing or something like that

2012 june 
learning

2012 july
download video from youtube of Brown Rang OF Yo Yo Honey Singh nice song

2012 auguset
nothing happen

2012 September
I started creating a new programme for downloading youtube videos with help of Jack and alex

2012 December
new softwer launch am video dowloader

Happy New Years

2013 Januay
now i watch something called anima Wolf Children  on youtube  i cry

bug in softwer i dont how to fix it Jack alex
the ask my age how

2013 February
TESTING CORELDRAE LOVEIT

create a new design

2013 March
happy brithday

2013 may 
Holiday but now I feel maintained my programme
now I have to work so much hard to create a new software So I can be a famous and rich

2013june
new software upadte

2013 july
New feature added 

2013 August
now I started learning new programming language called go and also I was learning English in advance 
I don't know why people using grammar so much And I stopped learning Java because it was very confusing

2013 September
Today I meet my Big Brother Friends called Chetan He was go same School i which school do go

2013 October
New update in our software

2013 November
We added new feature called playlist downloading

2013 December
jack got job now he leaving us for her job i am vey happy for him
but i dont kown want to do 

happy new year

2014 Januay
Now I started learning so much new things on Google

2014 feb
just fix some bugs

2014 March

 brithday
 testing new some software

2014 April
 NOTHING  BUT learning


2014 may 
Doing some work and also learning in many things in school I got nothing from my work 

2014 June
New semester start in school and
Also Jack leave us for job 
now me and alex Have to maintain this softwer

2014 July
Update was crashing


2014   August 
new person for our team But no he's joining us for free

2014 September  

I meet a new friend call Ansh Mourya in my Tuition classes

we are just fixing some bugs that

2014  October 
we  can't find anyone who can help us On maintaining this software for free

2014November 
 
 We're thinking to close this software and also our team because alex have to go for her further studies 
 we cant talk in Facebook Now 


2014December 
 
 Now we are closing and shutdown operation completely of AM video downloader
 and also we are deleting our repository completely
 owe team is completely disbanded
 now I'm my own

new year

2015January 
 
 Helping other people for coding


2015 February 
 
 I sell my project first time for cash Can make money out of it for a College student
 He was asking for creating a website for just like a wordpad website I created 4 him for her project


2015 March 

 My Birthday

helping some people to how to make some website

2015April 

 I created a website for live weather by copy accuweather.com API

May 2015 

 i was working for  US Company Post for testing them website
 I was doing this for free for I get some experience
 I cant tell this company name or write this company name in my Resume because they are doing some private work


2015June 
 
 Now I was trying to joining some hacking group because I Was's missing something 
 Testing from some darkweb website and install tor browser

2015July 

Now I was taking some break from this type of work because my life is going hell

2015august 
 
 Some coding

2015September 
 
 helping some people to creating refined theme 

My computer got crashing

2015October 
 
 now I'll do my work from cyber cafe From my friend Cafe Steel I have to pay for him because he was her uncle Cafe
 now I was missing something in my life trying to do some work but I get nothing in return 

So I was thinking to move on with graphic design

2015 November 

 Helping some people to create code name jackele Pogram in python 
They are saying they are creating some kind of bot for our website 
 
 I dont know which so lets wait and watch what are they doing


2015DecemBer

 I started a new youtube channel

Newyear

2016 january
 
 after two months they are We are a creating some kind of BOT which helps to get fake followers in Instagram and Facebook youtube
 They are giving me money in paypal $280 for 3 months i am rich

Now I buy a laptop for a hackiog purposes
 
 I meet some people in dark web they are telling me they can sell me some illegal goods But I kindly declare it
 I found a website called Alphabay the sell some kind of Source code I wanted but they are asking me for Bitcoin 
 I don't know what is this

I started playing GTA SAn andreas NIce game but no Audio in GAME

2016February 

 I was started joining some hacking group but they are declining now requests

2016 March
 
 bithday 

 I joined a hacking group in dark web they are asking me to choose a username
 I choose a user name of Morningstar from DC Comics Lucifer Morningstar
 They all love my love

We are trying to hack on US government military website

He finally hacked


2016 April 
 
 I want to tell you one thing that please never work for us govt 
 Because they are killing so much innocent people and making so much money

They credited ISIS this was called fake they are funding many terrorist groups in this world

I want to tell you only one thing that if anything happened to me it works US government
 because we all know what US government was to be they are going do the going Full scale war on Afghanistan

they are trying to kill some Iraq and IRAN  working in Citizen

the they are Give six hundred million and one dollar to unknown company for kll Iranian people

This was very difficult to me but it was my personal blog so I can write this and remember what are US Do to people
2016 may 
 
 We started to create some trojan for US because they are removed all acess from their website

My friend and started to coding I think so he will be drop this idea Because very tough things to learn

I started the joining some local hacking classes

2016 June 
 
 I was creating some websites for money

Now we can hack add and tranfer some money from paytm wallet I think so it was like a paypal website but it was very less secure

I was now working for team a website the create anime video for free 
 for free 

now i started upload video on youtube of game and some hacking 


2016 July 

 now finally website is live free anime 
 and create some telgram channel 

now we are finally created Trojan now just we have to wait and watch whenever they can upload this Trojan to usa Govt System

after 2 weeks we Finally inside the System

2016 August 
 
 I want to tell you only one thing that USA was dangerous country for our world

2016 september
 
 learning skill of VFX UI design and grapicdesign


2016 October 
 
 Codeing with Other for Fun Nice 

2016  November 

 Join Offline Classes for Grapic 

Create New Project Youtube AD Bloacker 

2016  December
 
 Finally Complete AD Bloacker For Youtube Repository is Live For Chomer browser

Create Tik Tok Account and Also BOT Fake Followers And Like with python

Bot Was Falied To Work 

new year

2017 Jan

 Bot is Working 
 Testing
  Testing
  Testing
   Testing


2017 feb
 
 working 
 NOw IS TIKTOK Bot is Working 

 Tik TOk is Like And Followers BOT Repository is LIVE

2017 mar
 
 Youtube 3K Subscribe
 and Need new project worth launch By name of youtube Vanced I liked it

Birthday

2017 April
 
 working Nothing happened
 but Working With Secret Project

2017 may
 
 Help to Testing YouTube Vanced Project
 Find Many BUG But it Was Be Biggest Project In world Because Because this project will change the youtube system completely
 I am Just Test With Fake Name But People Love This APP

We Are Try Hack Chinese government website We are still working on but I think this not much talk about it

Create a Hacking Webstite A Photo By Secret


2017 june
 
 Working with Snickers Chocolate Ad Company In graphic and VFX Team for freelancer

2017 July
 
 Working For Banner Make Shop and Give Lecture on VFX in classes for free

2017 August

 tesing And Helping Master_T & ZaneZam inYoutube Vanced 

2017 September

 Create a Twitter AD BLOackers and Reddit MOd 

Twitter AD BLOacker is Live But Some Work on bugs

Closer Youtube AD Bloacker Repository Due Google Complete And Report

I am Deleting many Repository because of Google complaint and report It will be dangerous to my account and it will May be terminated 
 So that's why I was removing My Many Repository


2017 October 
 
 After 3 Weeks I am Completely Free But The Ask Me To never Ad Bloacker or The File A Complaints against me

2017 November 
 
 Hii Test Some Project For Free Nothing Much happened

2017 December

 Hii Next Years I am Going To Create A Mod For Instagram And Many More Project in LineUp 
So Please Support ME Thank You 

 Happy New Years 
  
   BY BY

2018 January

 Hey this is my this is my final year of my Undergraduation so they're not many projects will be coming but 
 I'll try to make the project


Shutting down weather website which I was created 2 two years ago and also her completely because 
 I didn't get any much profile


2018 February
 
 we successfully I input Trojan inside a Chinese government website which they contain Uyghurs Muslims information and details
 They have doing Genocide but world was not talking about it
 They are killing many peoples and no one was talking about it
 And also they are taking records every person they are killing and also there is some kind of a camp


After two weeks we know that they're learning something bigger Chinese government issue 3 billion in project in Xinjiang

2018 March

 AFter ! WEEKS We handover this information to The United Nations Members but they're not doing anything about It
 I don't understand why they're are helping us

My Birthday


2018 April

 Create a SMS Bomber Working On IT So Please Wait for IT

Tesing on it
 Working With People On SMS Bomber Project it Will Be Online soon

2018 May

 SMS Bomber Is Live Go reository and Use It Was Free For Now


There is New Project Is NO Line  
 
 learning new programming language called C++ I Think it Will Changer My Work Flow   
    and Make it Easy 

I Was Falied In My Exam Some Break


2018 June

 After 2 Weeks i am ready Do Some work  Just For Some Time Creating something magical

2018 July

 Hii Sorry For a Big Update Coming 

 I JOined A Big Team & We Create a Chrome extensions tihs Will Change Your Experience using chrome browser 
 It won't take some time but it'll be in beta

2018 August

 HI We launch Vioce Command extensions which Help To You many  work without touching your keyboard
 We are using the Google api which I cannot disclose because it was illegal But we make it so see how much Days can use it

 I am New For YouTbe Subscriber Bot This may be take some Time

2018 September

 Testing some code for others freelanceing so YOUTBE Bot Take Time 

2018 October

 Hey finally YOUTBE subscriber bot was like you can use it for free but it will take you some time to set up
 and also it will some kind of basic coding and also PC was required
 And also you cannot RePost this project because this was some type of illegal

New Is UPDATE In Line Up  for Subscriber BOT

 Hey sorry but I have to postpone this update to another month the cost it will take some time to take Time Some Fix This BUGS

2018 November

 New Upadte  for finally YOUTBE subscriber bot is Live Thanx

 Doing Some For Freelanceing Take Time No UpDate This Month Thanx

2018 December

 Some Secret project of graphic design so I cannot publish this and I could tell you about
 it but it will was my biggest project and it will be giving me so much money so that's why 
 I cannot tell you about it but some update will be come Soon Thank You

Happy New Year

  Thank you for watching This


2019 January

 Hi Happy New Year to you
  I  want you to tell you something that I got a very Copyright strike And community strike from a very different individual in 
 my another account which I cannot disclose and many my GitHub repository will be deleted soon 
 so that's why I was deleting my many project because it will was taking some Legal action against Me 
 Which I cannot afford so that's why I was deleting my many new and old project 
 Please wait for New can you update regarding this Case if these news I will tell you something about it 
 This may not take one to Three WEEKS but I was trying to send free work thing but  
 I can't talk about anything so this was my last and complete regarding this


2019 February

 Help Other Project


 My undergraduation exam was started

2019 March

 my brithday

Fix Some BUGS for freelanceing

Taking Sometime OFF


2019 April
 
 working with Film VFX team for freelancer and also with photographer 
 not Come Back For A Moth or two
 So PLease Wait 

Thank You 

2019 May
 
 HI I am Leaving Hacking Group amd Classes Because I got arrested it  my locally case Thats 
 why I can not tell you about it But it was the Big case and Deleting my MANY account

 Finally out of parole 

Hey this is was my final and last account which I never useful anything illegal or use It was my oldest Account
I was using this account for just pulling and writing some Code This was my last and final depository
 I was deleting my whole Github and many social media account and also selling my laptop 
 No I was just my personal laptop for helping others and I cant talk about my Case Anymore

Now I'm just a simple and cute little graphic designer
 now I'm only helping you with the graphic related things thank you

Now I was finally passed in my undergraduation exam


2019 June

 Taking some time Off

Working for a Firm graphic designer 

Helping Some People To Code And Fixing It 


2019 July
 
 Helping a Girl For UIUX design take Some Time so Wait fOR it

 Take SomeTime OFF 

I'm going to starting in teaching in big Institute so thats why I was only helping with graphic related project.

2019 August
 
 Making a new ui designing software called Mstar UI/UX designing

2019 september

 This UI/UX software was working. I was, it was very hard to create. It really takes some time. But, 
 I will try to make it best.

2019 October

 I was working on this software, but it was not working properly. 
 I was trying to do this was not going as far as I was trying to do.


2019 November
 
 I was releasing a beta version of my UI/UX software in my another account, if it will be work. So this will be blast.
 I hope Beta version will be success.

 Finally BETA launching my MSTAR UI/UX designing software on windows.

2019 December
 
 hey, I want to tell you about my software, which I was creating MSTAR UI/UX designing
 Was Failure but I was waiting for response

2020 January
 
 Hey, my final exam was here, so I cant do so much coding or any graphic related work. But I try to help some little work.
 I was trying to help you, but it will be on my more I cant help you to fix it or not.

2020 February
 
 Hey, I was Code My programme Called MSTAR UI/UX designing was created a software which was more not well performed on many bucks. 
 So thats why I was disconnected to this project. 
 And also, I was delting the all file and also software from online. 
 It's only And my repository I hope you can all understand that why I was doing this, 
 which I will be deleting soon.
 because it was my test and it was very badly badly.
 I was trying to do something next time, but thats all for my site. 


My graduation exam was here So I was not doing so much work.

2020 March

 Not doing anything but some coding.


Hey for my birthday was here, I was not taking was work and also taking Some from this type of work.
 Now I'm going to only enjoy my vacation. And not do so much work. I hope you can understand

I go a Corona virus.

I cant do any work anymore, so I was taking my breath.


2020 May
 
 hey, I'm healthy again, so I started to do some designing work for our online and expose of free lifestyle.

 I would fully help you to write some code. And thats all I was not do so much work again. I hope you all can understand.

2020 June
 
 Hey, I started doing some ui designing if you want to. I can do for free for you. So message Me

 And also, I can do this for Money also, if you want To

 thank you

2020 July
 
 Here I am. got Corona virus Again I tried to do some work in hospital
 Thank you. And also pray for me. 


2020 August
 
 hey guys, I'm healthy again, I'm starting to work again So if you want to do some work with me, I free now
  
Working with some employer service, which I cannot tell you about They are giving me welfare amount So I like it. 
 hope you all can understand about this.

Hey guys, I think I'm started losing my memory because I turned remember how to court properly again.
 What is happening to me I can't understand? I don't know what to do

2020 September
 
 hey guys I got again. Corona virus It was my third time. And also, now I'm in bed taking some time off leave

Hey my health started better so I was starting to do some work

2020 October

 Yeah, I was Working With a Team Who was Work for supercell 
 Day was hiring me for a month Paying me a $60 per week Noce amount

Hey, I will help you only doing some small work because I dont have so much time

2020 November

 Just help me other thank you.

2020 December

 Hey, I was working for a company which was working on some kind of AI model 
 They all asking me to create some kind of very weird image for her. Ai model, they paying me $3 for image, 
 But they want me to the image I was creating it will be on PNG and JPG

Hey I create a python script, which create automatically random image file.
 This script was getting 2 image per minute. By adding randomly image in Photoshop & blender.

Happy New Year. Nothing could happen to me. It was just like a mental ****


2021 January

 Hey, I was helping some people for a coding which I cannot understand. What are they doing? Because I cant understand, because my mental health was ****

2021 February
 Everyone I'm going to leave again because my mental health was ****

2021 March

 Hey, I am free now. I cant help you with any work you want.

 Hey, what's my birthday this was my first birthday ever.


**** this **** I'm going to take a leave again


2021 April

 Hello everyone, I cannot help you anymore because of my work.
 so I cant help you with any more if you want to do a privately message me. And also, I was deleting my many repository
thank you


2021 May
 
 Hey everyone, my finally legal case was END

2021 June
  hello Everyone This was my last message, Regarding I was telling you all last time I am not going to help you with any other programming language or coding, 
 because it was take my so much time And also, I dont get anything in return.

Now I am only helping with graphic related work dust all.

2021 July
 
 working with a private ai logo designing company

2021 August
 
 Hey everyone, I want to tell you something about why I'm relating my deleting all Repository.
 Because many people are copy pasting by reprojected, which I was dont like it. So thats why I was deleting my many reprojected.

If you all want to do something about then you can create your home, because I do something like with my own.

2021 September
 
 Hi taking some time off
 so Thankyou 

2021 October
 I do nothing but watch anime and some Design

2021 November

 Hii everyone i am taking some off time because my mental health Not GOOD and also, I have to do some my personal work.

2021 December
 
 with Hey everyone. I was trying to make some music player app. It was my private app

She is my mood change. I cant upload it on privately.
 And also, if I dont get any legal complaint, then I can think about it to post it on public.

2022 January

 Hello everyone. I was doing some work before a company base on Finland They are paying well. So I was trying to do some work on free 3

2022 February

 Hello. This was my final call about I was leaving this company because they were paying me now less because there are I was  I'm doing work from India.

2022 March

 some work of free 

Hello everyone. my birthday, so I can do some free work today. After that, I was taking some leave 

2022 April
 I was testing about to create a automatic programme for AI genres Image Then can help to create a image which press for you.

2022 May
 I was Working ON Same Idea 

2022 June
Hello one, I was working on the idea AI generation programme but I was dropping this idea because it was not worth it.
 Also, it was very too complicated, And also taking some leave because it was hurt me very hard If I can make our anything I will help You
 But this idea was dropped.

2022 July
 
 Hey, I'm back again. I can help you with some work, but I cant pull or review any code 


2022 August
 
 Hey everyone, I got a personal problem That's why I cant help you anymore. Because my sister got sick
 And also, I was working in my father's shop.

2022 September
 Hello, Everyone, I can only test your work only. And some small changes that it.

2022 October
 
 with my father Shop So thats why I cant help you with much problem

2022 November
 
 Hey, everyone, I was Totally free time and help you this month Some testing and also some changes Because I was free this a month

2022 December
 
 hello everyone! I was Working A private Company which i Can't tell You about it for Free Because they own something

Happy New Year

2023 January
 hello everyone, I hope working with the same company.
 I wish I came out tell you about it, but it was very stretchful.

2023 February
 Hello everyone How can people exploit you and give nothing in back 


2023 March

 Hello everyone Some people are laughing and because they dont know me what I want to and have. I was Study and creative this type of work.
 some people are thinking that they are very smarter than me? But they don't know about it. Whenever I started this project I was 7 year old
 Did they watch my this secret account They will be surprised I was thinking to make this account public.
 I'm not sure. 
 
It was my birthday

2023 April

 Hey everyone, I am was free so I can do some work for you

2023 May
 
 Everyone I was in my shop, you can give me any work. You want this month? I can do anything for you.

2023 June
 
 Hey everyone, I was taking a drop from my studies because of my financial condition

2023 July
 
 Hello everyone I can create some logo for free. You can tell me I can show you how to create, or I can play for you. for free.

2023 August

 I was working for a Small Game Company For Free Anf Giant Some Experience

hello everyone i was free I can help You 

2023 September

 i Was Free Now I Can Help You With anything But Not Codeing 
 Thank You 

2023 October

 Hii My Mindset Was Not Good But I Can you With UI Work 
 So message Me privately Thank You 

2023 November

 I am Doing Some work personal Work So I Cant You AnyMOre This Month
 Next Month i Help You 

2023 December

 I am Free Now I Can Help Wirh UI Related Desinging For Free And Paid 
Thank You For This Years 
 Love You ALL

2024 January
 Hii Every one I got Some Personal Problem So I Cant Help Not Much 

2024 February

 famliy Problem

2024 March

 my Birthday and Some Famliy Problem and also a Financial problem

2024 April

 I was still working on my problems

2024 May

 now I am free I can do some free work for everyone Just graphic related work

2024 June

 Hi Everyone I was working For Pvt person but I can help you to Work

2024 July

 I was trying to do some activity I was helping my friend Work Olny

2024 August

 Still Working On My Friends Work 

2024 September

 work was Still Not Completed

Hi it Project was finally completed now I was free I can help you with next month

2024 October

 hello everyone some people woes thinking that they are most too smart and also I was stupid against him.
 But I want to tell them its my work they see it they cant stand against chance on
 because I was not feeling my work completely best with her when I was not doing something if these people watch my work completely their ego was shattered
 I was doing coding when I was just only 7 years old handsome people started learning coding just to three years ago and telling me 
 what I can do or not And satisfy her ego just because they are earning money from it that doesnt mean that they can crush my ego
 I was learning and creating which they cannot created now with their knowledge yes I was doing so much work with coding language even they can understand what 
 I was doing or not Some people think they are was way better than me just because they are going college or they are have some conscious laptop or computer 
 I was colding when I was 7 years old
 My private account was old way older than is working experience Some people are telling me what to do or not Just Because they don't know me
 
 IF they are come to me for satisfy her egos Just because I was working for my father Shop and thats why they all want to laugh on Me
 Because I was not earning so much but they forgot we're just  started learning  and from whoam's
 Some people think that he knows a lot more than me but now who will tell them that he has seen him and what he has taught him now?

 Some people think that they know Some People thing a little too much, but they know a lot about me and what did they know that when 
 I started doing those things, they started looking for me.

2024 November

 Hi Working on My New project But I Cant disclose it Now 

2024 December

 Now I was completing and all projects and also deleting my all other projects and allowing for big news next Week
 it was a big project I started working on it 


2025 January

Hello @everyone 
My Real name Is Ashraf Siddiqui But Many People Know me My UserNames Like Morningstar AlfaZeus RedEye PixelMaster ArtWizard Ashraf And manymore.

I started a 15.9 years ago a project I want to see this github website will survive and How Far I Can For It
at age of 7 i Create This private profile by user name ashraf and many more account 
In this journey I started learning many programming language.
makes so many friends And also created many Project and Work And Lost Many Hard Work But this My Last Profile remain
I got a face to many legal proceedings and also some legal charges and also some time jail.
But after this all of hard work and fun I didnt receive much money which I want to!
but in this journey I learn more than sixteen programming language And also work with many people's racial, many different languages ​​and countries.

This Project Tech Me Many Things And Love IT but I am Deleting My Name Project and Deleted all Now I am Make This Repository Last of My History and closing This Chapter.

now this was my first account which I created 15 years ago I make this account private for a 15 years Now I'm going to this account public And also this repository also public.

Many things happened many things go Life is A thing was running always go 

and That Was Last My GoodBye To everyone
Hello Everyone and GoodBye From Ashraf Siddiqui